**Terms & Conditions of SiteSense Service**

**Introduction**

Welcome to the Potential Location (SiteSense) Service (hereinafter referred to as the "**Service**"). This Service is provided by PT Telekomunikasi Selular in the form of a platform providing insights to identify locations desired by Users.

These Terms & Conditions are the basis for the provision of Services. As a Service user, you are required to read, understand, and agree to these Terms of Use.

These Terms of Use apply to and bind Telkomsel and Users of the Sitesense platform ("**User**"). These Terms of Use are an integral part of the General Terms and Conditions of Use of Telkomsel Products which can be accessed at <https://www.telkomsel.com/terms-and-conditions>.

By using this Service, you agree to be fully bound by the Terms and Conditions of Service, and you have agreed to use the Service in accordance with the applicable legal provisions in the territory of the Republic of Indonesia.

**Updates to Terms of Use**

These Terms of Use may be changed and/or updated from time to time. You are advised to carefully read and check this Terms of Use page periodically to find out about changes that apply (if any).

**General Terms**

In providing the Services, Telkomsel cooperates with partners, including in terms of data provision. Users are expected to read and understand notifications from our partners which can be accessed at <https://legal.here.com/en-gb/terms/general-content-supplier-terms-and-notices>.

Before using and obtaining the Service, you need to read these Terms of Use, and register yourself by providing the information and data required by the Service:

1. You are fully responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username, password and email for the account for all activities carried out through this Service, including but not limited to, any risks and/or losses that arise as a result of misuse of the account by third parties. Telkomsel has the right to assume that your access to the Service, including the use of accounts and passwords, constitutes access that is legally carried out by you. Hereby you release Telkomsel from all claims that may arise in any form and from any party;
2. You agree to log out at the end of each Service usage session and notify Telkomsel if there is any misuse or unauthorized use of your account and/or password
3. You declare that Telkomsel is not responsible for losses or obstacles that arise from the misuse of the Service caused by your negligence, including, but not limited to, providing Service access to other parties, accessing links or links provided by other parties, giving or showing username, password or email to other parties, as well as other negligence that results in losses or obstacles to the Service;
4. Insights generated by the Service are based on population density data, target market, occupation and interests, location criteria, and point of interest (POI) which are updated periodically from time to time. By using the Service, Users understand and agree that the output produced by the Service is only limited based on analysis of the parameters input by the User on the Service platform. Thus, the output produced by the Service is not recommended to be used as the only source of factual data;
5. You are prohibited from creating and/or using devices, software, features, and/or other tools to manipulate available Services, including, but not limited to: (i) data manipulation; (ii) accessing or changing Service settings, configurations, or permissions with the aim of gaining unauthorized access to sensitive data or reports; (iii) content engagement manipulation; (iii) other activities that can reasonably be assessed as system manipulation actions;
6. Telkomsel has the authority to take actions deemed necessary for any alleged violations of the Terms of Use and/or applicable laws without prior notification to you. Actions that can be taken include, but are not limited to, termination of the Service and/or other actions in accordance with applicable legal provisions.

**Service Features**

1. This Service allows Users to access the location insight search platform and identify locations according to parameters selected by the User.
2. Customers can get location identification insights in accordance with the scope of Service cooperation;
3. Users can determine the input data on the Service to get location insight analysis results according to the input data by the User. Users must ensure that the data entered into the Service is data that is in accordance with the criteria selected by the User.

**Service Charging**

Telkomsel will charge Users with Service fees where the price per search location and search request (pay as you use). Information regarding Service Fees can be obtained by contacting Telkomsel's sales representative.

**Confidentiality Guarantee**

The confidentiality of your information is of the utmost importance to Telkomsel. Telkomsel will implement best efforts to protect and secure your data from access to collection, processing, analysis, storage, disclosure, repair and deletion by unauthorized persons.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account details, including username, password and email with anyone and must always maintain and be responsible for the security of the device you use. Telkomsel is not responsible for misuse of data caused by your negligence in connection with the use of the Service.

You acknowledge that Telkomsel cannot guarantee the integrity and accuracy of any Information you send through the Service, or guarantee that such Information will not be intercepted, accessed, disclosed, modified or destroyed by other unauthorized parties, due to factors beyond Telkomsel's control. In the event of illegal access and activities on the confidentiality of your information and outside Telkomsel's control, Telkomsel will notify you at the first opportunity so that you can reduce the risk arising from this.

**Prohibition**

While using this Service, you or other related third parties are prohibited from using this Service in terms of:

1. Illegal activities and violating applicable laws, activities that are contrary to provisions or regulations, including but not limited to data misuse activities, or other actions that are contrary to laws and regulations;
2. Use that violates the security or integrity of networks, computers or communication systems, software applications or network or computing devices;
3. Take any action, whether it can be proven real or indicative, as long as it can be suspected of causing harm to Telkomsel or other parties.

In the event that these things are found, Telkomsel has the authority to suspend the Service account.

**Limitation of Liability and Indemnification**

In providing the Service, We as a Service Provider strive and are committed to remaining subject to the applicable laws and regulations. We are not responsible for:

1. Any losses that arise from the failure to fulfill or negligence of you to implement the provisions in the Terms and Conditions of Use;
2. Any losses that arise from your negligence, including negligence that results in third parties being able to use your account which causes losses to Us and/or other parties;
3. System, network, server, connection failure, resulting in the unavailability of the Service, as a result of the actions of third parties outside our control.
4. Loss of profits or opportunities arising from your use of the Service.
5. All uses and consequences arising from the results of the Service which are in accordance with the criteria of data entered by the User.
6. Any losses arising as a result of force majeure.
7. Any violation of the waiver of General Terms and Conditions, which is required by the applicable laws and regulations, orders of the competent authority or court decisions.

**Intellectual Property Rights**

You acknowledge and agree that Intellectual Property Rights (hereinafter referred to as 'IPR') such as but not limited to logos, applications, brands, content services, products, features are the property of Telkomsel that are used or displayed on the Service, and/or any IPR owned by third parties other than Telkomsel that offer and/or provide products and/or services on or through the Service.

You are not allowed to copy, use, apply and implement in whole or in part, without prior written approval from Telkomsel and/or other Parties who have IPRs contained in the Service. Each IPR is under the protection of the applicable laws in Indonesia.

**Privacy Policy**

Before using the Service, Users are advised to read and understand the Privacy Policy Regarding the Provision of Telkomsel Products or Services which can be accessed at <https://www.telkomsel.com/privacy-policy>. By using the Service, Users agree to be fully subject to the Privacy Policy Regarding the Implementation of Telkomsel Products or Services.

**Choice of Law**

These Terms of Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Indonesia, regardless of conflicts of legal rules. You agree that any legal action or dispute that may arise from, relate to, or in any way relate to the Service and/or these Terms of Use will be resolved in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations in the Unitary State of the Republic of Indonesia.